Would you rather have the ability to see 10 minutes into the future or 150 years into the future?
Would you rather have telekinesis (the ability to move things with your mind) or telepathy (the ability to read minds)?
Would you rather team up with Wonder Woman or Captain Marvel?
Would you rather be forced to sing along or dance to every single song you hear?
Would you rather find true love today or win the lottery next year?
Would you rather be in jail for five years or be in a coma for a decade?
Would you rather have another 10 years with your partner or a one-night stand with your celebrity crush?
Would you rather be chronically under-dressed or overdressed?
Would you rather have everyone you know be able to read your thoughts or for everyone you know to have access to your Internet history?
Would you rather lose your sight or your memories?
Would you rather have universal respect or unlimited power?
Would you rather give up air conditioning and heating for the rest of your life or give up the Internet for the rest of your life?
Would you rather swim in a pool full of Nutella or a pool full of maple syrup?
Would you rather labor under a hot sun or extreme cold?
Would you rather stay in during a snow day or build a fort?
Would you rather buy 10 things you don't need every time you go shopping or always forget the one thing that you need when you go to the store?
Would you rather never be able to go out during the day or never be able to go out at night?
Would you rather have a personal maid or a personal chef?
Would you rather be 11 feet tall or nine inches tall?
Would you rather have Beyoncé's talent or Jay-Z's business acumen?
Would you rather be an extra in an Oscar-winning movie or the lead in a box office bomb?
Would you rather vomit on your hero or have your hero vomit on you?
Would you rather communicate only in emoji or never be able to text at all ever again?
Would you rather be royalty 1,000 years ago or an average person today?
Would you rather lounge by the pool or on the beach?
Would you rather wear the same socks for a month or the same underwear for a week?
Would you rather work an overtime shift with your annoying boss or spend full day with your mother-in-law?
Would you rather cuddle a koala or pal around with a panda?
Would you rather have a sing-off with Ariana Grande or a dance-off with Rihanna?
Would you rather always have B.O. and not know it or always smell B.O. on everyone else?
Would you rather watch nothing but Hallmark Christmas movies or nothing but horror movies?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather spend a week in the forest or a night in a real haunted house?
Would you rather find a rat in your kitchen or a roach in your bed?
Would you rather have a pause or a rewind button in your life?
Would you rather always have a full phone battery or a full gas tank?
Would you rather lose all your teeth or lose a day of your life every time you kissed someone?
Would you rather drink from a toilet or pee in a litter box?
Would you rather be forced to live the same day over and over again for a full year, or take 3 years off the end of your life?
Would you rather never eat watermelon ever again or be forced to eat watermelon with every meal?
Would you rather get a paper cut every time you turn a page or bite your tongue every time you eat?
Would you rather oversleep every day for a week or not get any sleep at all for four days?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or live to 100 with a lot of regrets?
Would you rather sip gin with Ryan Reynolds or shoot tequila with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson?
Would you rather get trapped in the middle of a food fight or a water balloon fight?
Would you rather walk to work in heels or drive to work in reverse?
Would you rather spend a year at war or a year in prison?
Would you rather die before or after your partner?
Would you rather have a child every year for 20 years or never have any children at all?
Would you rather take amazing selfies but look terrible in all other photos or be photogenic everywhere but in your selfies?
Would you rather be gassy on a first date or your wedding night?
Would you rather Danny DeVito or Danny Trejo play you in a movie?
Would you rather be able to take back anything you say or hear any conversation that is about you?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather hunt and butcher your own meat or never eat meat again?
Would you rather lose all of your friends but keep your BFF or lose your BFF but keep the rest of your buds?
Would you rather have people spread a terrible lie about you or have people spread terrible but true tales about you?
Would you rather walk in on your parents or have them walk in on you?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be average at something well respected?
Would you rather have unlimited battery life on all of your devices or have free WiFi wherever you go?
Would you rather have Billie Eilish's future or Madonna's legacy?
Would you rather have a third nipple or an extra toe?
Would you rather solve world hunger or global warming?
Would you rather have to wear every shirt inside out or every pair of pants backward?
Would you rather live in a treehouse or in a cave?
Would you rather win $25,000 or your best friend win $100,000?
Would you rather be in history books for something terrible or be forgotten completely after you die?
Would you rather travel the world for free for a year or have $50,000 to spend however you please?
Would you rather your to only be able to talk to your dog or for your dog to be able to talk to only you—and everyone thinks you're nuts?
Would you rather have a mullet for a year or be bald (no wigs!) for six months?
Would you rather go back to the past and meet your loved ones who passed away or go to the future to meet your children or grandchildren to be?
Would you rather have Angelina Jolie's lips or with Jennifer Aniston's hair?
Would you rather stay the age you are physically forever or stay the way you are now financially forever?
Would you rather be in a zombie apocalypse or a robot apocalypse?
Would you rather be alone all your life or surrounded by really annoying people?
Would you rather give up your cellphone for a month or bathing for a month?
Would you rather spend a day cleaning your worst enemy's house or have your crush spend the day cleaning your house?
Would you rather spend a year entirely alone or a year without a home?
Would you rather buy all used underwear or all used toothbrushes?
Would you rather have a photographic memory or an IQ of 200?
Would you rather go on a cruise with your boss or never go on vacation ever again?
Would you rather forget your partner's birthday or your anniversary every year?
Would you rather have to wear stilettos to sleep or have to wear slippers everywhere you go?
Would you rather change the outcome of the last election or get to decide the outcome of the next election?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather smooch Chris Pratt, Chris Pine, Chris Evans or Chris Hemsworth?
Would you rather be beautiful and stupid or unattractive but a genius?
Would you rather have seven fingers on each hand or seven toes on each foot?
Would you rather work the job you have now for a year at double your current rate of pay or have one year off with what you are making now?
Would you rather be always stuck in traffic but find a perfect parking spot or never hit traffic but always take forever to park?
Would you rather have super-sensitive taste buds or super-sensitive hearing?
Would you rather ask your ex or a total stranger for a favor?
Would you rather go on tour with Elton John or Cher?
Would you rather eat only pizza for a year or not eat any pizza for five years?
Would you rather never get another present in your life but always pick the perfect present for everyone else or keep getting presents but giving terrible ones to everyone else?
Would you rather sleep in a doghouse or let stray dogs sleep in your bed?
Would you rather be able to speak any language or be able to communicate with animals?
Would you rather have all of your messages and photos leak publicly or never use a cellphone ever again?
Would you rather run at 100 mph or fly at 20 mph?
Would you rather have Adele's voice or Normani's dance moves?
Would you rather have to wear sweatpants everywhere for the rest of your life or never wear sweatpants again?
Would you rather have 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife or always have a knife but never be able to use spoons?
Would you rather detect every lie you hear or get away with every lie you tell?
Would you rather be the funniest person in a room or the smartest person in a room?
Would you rather talk like Yoda or breathe like Darth Vader?
Would you rather people knew all the details of your finances or all the details of your love life?
Would you rather listen to your least-favorite song on a loop for a year or never listen to any music at all for a year?
Would you rather go vegan for a month or only eat meat and dairy for a month?
Would you rather clean up someone else's vomit or someone else's blood?
Would you rather work for Michael Scott or Mr. Burns?
Would you rather spend the weekend with pirates or ninjas?
Would you rather end every phone call with "I love you" or accidentally call your partner the wrong name during a fight?
Would you rather get your paycheck given to you in pennies or never be able to use cash again?
Would you rather see Lady Gaga in a movie or see Bradley Cooper in concert?
Would you rather win the lottery but have to spend it all in one day or triple your current salary forever?
Would you rather live until you are 200 and look your age or look like you're 22 your whole life, but die at age 65?
Would you rather give up cursing forever or give up ice cream for 12 years?
Would you rather hear a comforting lie or an uncomfortable truth?
Would you rather be locked for a week in a room that's overly bright or a room that's totally dark?
Would you rather someone see all the photos in your phone or read all your text messages?
Would you rather have a South Park-themed wedding or a Family Guy-themed funeral?
Would you rather have to hunt and gather all of your food or eat McDonald's for every meal?
Would you rather have fortune or fame?
Would you rather celebrate the Fourth of July with Taylor Swift or Christmas with Mariah Carey?
Would you rather only be able to listen to one song for the rest of your life or only be able to watch one movie for the rest of your life?
Would you rather never use social media again or never watch another movie ever again?
Would you rather have police hunting you down for a crime you didn't commit or a serial killer actually hunting you?
Would you rather live a peaceful life in a small cabin in the woods or a drama-filled life in a mansion in a big city?
Would you rather find your soulmate or your calling?
Would you rather drink sour milk or brush your teeth with soap?
Would you rather steal Duchess Meghan or Duchess Kate's style?
Would you rather never get a cold ever again or never be stuck in traffic ever again?
Would you rather be tall and average looking or three feet tall but beautiful?
Would you rather visit the International Space Station for a week or spend a week in a hotel at the bottom of the ocean?
Would you rather confess to cheating on your partner or catch your partner cheating on you?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather share an onscreen kiss with Leonardo DiCaprio or George Clooney?
Would you rather never eat Christmas cookies ever again or never eat Halloween candy ever again?
Would you rather lose your long-term memory or your short-term memory?
Would you rather have a mullet or a perm?
Would you rather be stranded in the jungle or in the desert?
Would you rather everyone you love forget your birthday or everyone you love sing "Happy Birthday" to you for 24 hours straight?
Would you rather be invisible or be able to fly?
Would you rather spend every weekend indoors or spend every weekend outdoors?
Would you rather party with Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez or with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West?
Would you rather give up wine for a year or drink nothing but wine for a year?
Would you rather start a colony on another planet or be the leader of a country on Earth?
Would you rather live in a house haunted by friendly ghosts or be a ghost reliving your average day after you die?
Would you rather have one wish granted today or 10 wishes granted 20 years from now?
Would you rather get hit on by someone 20 years older than you or someone 20 years younger than you?
Would you rather fall down in public or pass gas in public?
Would you rather only eat raw food or only eat TV dinners?
Would you rather run as fast as The Flash or be as strong as Superman?
Would you rather never have a wedgie or never have anything stuck in your teeth ever again?
Would you rather marry the most attractive person you've ever met or the best cook you've ever met?
Would you rather sing karaoke with Gwen Stefani or with Kelly Clarkson?
Would you rather go back to kindergarten with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather be able to read minds or predict the future?
Would you rather take a pill a day for nutrients and to feel full, but never eat anything again or eat whatever you want but never really feel full?
Would you rather be an unknown superhero or an infamous villain?
Would you rather always have an annoying song stuck in your head or always have an itch that you can't reach?
Would you rather never be able to keep anyone else's secrets or have someone tell all of your secrets?
Would you rather be Batman or Iron Man?
Would you rather be married to someone stunning who doesn't think you're attractive or be married to someone ugly who thinks you're gorgeous?
Would you rather have a third ear or a third eye?
Would you rather have $1 million now or $5,000 a week for the rest of your life?
Would you rather binge-watch Sex And the City or Girls?
Would you rather be rich working a job you hate or poor working a job you love?
Would you rather wear real fur or fake jewels?
Would you rather work a high-paying job that you hate or your dream job with only just enough money for rent, food and utilities?
Would you rather wake up naked in a forest five miles from home or in your underwear at work?
Would you rather go backstage with your favorite band or be an extra on your favorite TV show?
Would you rather never eat your favorite food for the rest of your life or only eat your favorite food?
Would you rather be able to erase your own memories or be able to erase someone else's memories?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can’t go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather have a rap battle against Nicki Minaj or Lizzo?
Would you rather save your best friend's life if it meant five strangers would die or save five strangers if it meant sacrificing your best friend?
Would you rather give up coffee or soda forever?
Would you rather find a $100 bill floating in a public toilet or a $20 bill in your own pocket?
Would you rather wear nothing but neon orange or neon green for an entire year?
Would you rather eat the same thing for every meal for a year or be able to eat whatever you wanted, but only once every three days?
Would you rather get drunk off of one sip of alcohol or never get drunk no matter how much booze you imbibe?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather clean a toilet with your toothbrush or a floor with your tongue?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just stop existing when you die?
Would you rather be serenaded by Justin Bieber or Justin Timberlake?
Would you rather be unable to close any door once it's open or be unable to open any door once it's closed?
Would you rather throw the best parties but have to clean up the mess by yourself or never go to a party again?
Would you rather have a tattoo of the title of the last book you read or the last TV show you watched?
Would you rather wear clothes that were always way too big or a couple sizes too small?
Would you rather give your parents or your boss access to your browser history?
Would you rather only be able to wash your hair twice a year or only be able to check your phone once a day?
Would you rather have a tennis lesson from Serena Williams or a soccer lesson from Meghan Rapinoe?
Would you rather have a permanent unibrow or no eyebrows at all?
Would you rather have aliens be real and covered up by the government or have no extraterrestrial life at all in the universe?
Would you rather be caught liking your ex's Instagram pics or your partner's ex's Instagram pics?
Would you rather never eat cookies ever again or only ever drink water?
Would you rather donate your organs to those who need them or donate your entire body to science?
Would you rather be criticized or be ignored?
Would you rather work alongside Dwight Schrute or Homer Simpson?
Would you rather be punished for a crime you didn't commit or have someone else take credit for one of your major accomplishments?
Would you rather eat an undercooked meal or a burnt meal?
Would you rather get a cooking lesson from Gordon Ramsay or Ina Garten?
Would you rather have your boss or your parents look through your text messages?
Would you rather have your first child when you're 18 or when you're 50?
Would you rather star in a Star Warsor a Marvel film?
Would you rather wear heels to the gym or sneakers to a wedding?
Would you rather give up brushing your hair or give us brushing your teeth?
Would you rather master every musical instrument or every type of sport?
Would you rather always have wet socks or a small rock in your shoe?
Would you rather have Celine Dion or Eminem perform the soundtrack to your life?
Would you rather be the class clown or the teacher's pet?
Would you rather bathe in the dishwater or wash dishes in your bathwater?
Would you rather show up to a job interview with stained pants or pit stains?
Would you rather never age physically or never age mentally?
Would you rather date someone with bad breath or bad manners?
Would you rather never wear makeup ever again or wear a full face of the wrong shades every day?
Would you rather read the book or watch the movie?
Would you rather have a slumber party with Anna Kendrick or go to a comedy show with Rebel Wilson?
Would you rather eat chocolate on pizza or never eat chocolate ever again?
Would you rather have X-ray vision of people you find unattractive or everyone else have X-ray vision of you?
Would you rather have your own theme park or your own zoo?
Would you rather be the star player on a losing team or warm the bench on a championship roster?
Would you rather know when you're going to die or how you're going to die?
Would you rather lose all of your teeth or all of your hair?
Would you rather watch nothing but The Officeor Friends for the rest of your life?
Would you rather lose your keys or your phone?
Would you rather live in a home with no electricity or in a home with no running water?
Would you rather be rich with no friends or poor and popular?
Would you rather look strong and be weak or look weak and be strong?
Would you rather have your style critiqued by Anna Wintour or Miranda Priestly?
Would you rather wear one or seven colors everyday?
Would you rather sneeze nonstop for 15 minutes once every day or sneeze once every three minutes of the day while you're awake?
Would you rather walk barefoot in a public bathroom or through poison ivy?
Would you rather have the ability to see 10 years into your own future or six months into the future of the world?
Would you rather nobody remember who you are at your 20-year class reunion or have everybody comment on how old you look?
Would you rather shoot hoops with LeBron James or toss a football with Tom Brady?
Would you rather live through an episode of Orange Is The New Black or Black Mirror?
Would you rather only be able to listen to Christmas songs all year round or only be able to watch nothing but horror movies?
Would you rather be a genius everyone thinks is an idiot or an idiot everyone thinks is a genius?
Would you rather win on Survivor or on The Bachelor or The Bachelorette?
Would you rather be beloved by the general public but your family and friends hate you, or be hated by the general public but your family and friends love you?
Would you rather be color blind or lose your sense of taste?
Would you rather live on a desert island with your celebrity crush or in a mansion with your ex?
Would you rather pass gas every time you meet someone new or burp every time you kiss someone?
Would you rather have tea with Queen Elizabeth or a beer with Prince Harry?
Would you rather give up the Internet or showering for a month?
Would you rather get away with a terrible crime but live in fear of someone discovering it or go to prison for three years for a crime you didn't commit?
Would you rather be forced to live the same day over and over again for a full year or take three years off the end of your life?
Would you rather go into the past and meet your ancestors or go into the future and meet your great-great-grandchildren?
Would you rather have more time or more money?
Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button on your life?
Would you rather be able to talk with the animals or speak all foreign languages?
Would you rather win the lottery or live twice as long?
Would you rather be without internet for a week, or without your phone?
Would you rather meet George Washington or the current president?
Would you rather lose your vision or your hearing?
Would you rather work more hours per day, but fewer days or work fewer hours per day, but more days?
Would you rather listen to music from the ’70s or music from today?
Would you rather become someone else or just stay you?
Would you rather be Batman or Spiderman?
Would you rather be stuck on a broken ski lift or in a broken elevator?
Would you rather go to a movie or to dinner alone?
Would you rather always say everything on your mind or never speak again?
Would you rather make a phone call or send a text?
Would you rather read an awesome book or watch a good movie?
Would you rather be the most popular person at work or school or the smartest?
Would you rather put a stop to war or end world hunger?
Would you rather spend the night in a luxury hotel room or camping surrounded by beautiful scenery?
Would you rather explore space or the ocean?
Would you rather go deep-sea diving or bungee jumping?
Would you rather be a kid your whole life or an adult your whole life?
Would you rather go on a cruise with friends or with your spouse?
Would you rather lose your keys or your cell phone?
Would you rather eat a meal of cow tongue or octopus?
Would you rather have x-ray vision or magnified hearing?
Would you rather work in a group or work alone?
Would you rather be stuck on an island alone or with someone who talks incessantly?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Would you rather have a cook or a maid?
Would you rather be the youngest or the oldest sibling?
Would you rather get rich through hard work or through winning the lottery?
Would you rather have a 10-hour dinner with a headstrong politician from an opposing party, or attend a 10-hour concert for a music group you detest?
Would you rather be an Olympic gold medalist or a Nobel Peace Prize winner?
Would you rather have a desk job or an outdoor job?
Would you rather live at the top of a tall NYC apartment building or at the top of a mountain?
Would you rather have Rambo or The Terminator on your side?
Would you rather be proposed to in private or in front of family and friends?
Would you rather have to sew all your clothes or grow your own food?
Would you rather hear the good news or the bad news first?
Would you rather be your own boss or work for someone else?
Would you rather have nosy neighbors or noisy neighbors?
Would you rather be on a survival reality show or dating game show?
Would you rather be too busy or be bored?
Would you rather watch the big game at home or live at the stadium.
Would you rather spend the day with your favorite athlete or your favorite movie star?
Would you rather live where it is constantly winter or where it is constantly summer?
Would you rather travel the US and see the sights in a motorhome or by plane?
Would you rather be a little late or way too early?
Would you rather have an unlimited gift certificate to a restaurant or a clothing store?
Would you rather date someone you met online or go on a blind date?
Would you rather your kids wear a uniform to school or clothing of their choice?
Would you rather have many good friends or one very best friend?
Would you rather live in Antarctica or the Sahara Dessert?
Would you rather be able to take back anything you say or hear every conversation around you?
Would you rather be 4’5” or 7’7”?
Would you rather be poor and work at a job you love, or rich and work at a job you hate?
Would you rather have your flight delayed by 8 hours or lose your luggage?
Would you rather be in your pajamas or a suit all day?
Would you rather have your first child when you are 18 or 40?
Would you rather be the star player on a losing basketball team or ride the bench on a winning one?
Would you rather spend the next year exempt from all taxes or have a one-month paid vacation?
Would you rather have the best house in a bad neighborhood or the worst house in a good neighborhood?
Would you rather be filthy rich and live 400 years ago or be poor but live today?
Would you rather be gossiped about or never talked about at all?
Would you rather end hunger or hatred?
Would you rather be an unknown major league baseball player or a famous badminton star?
Would you rather go without TV or junk food for the rest of your life?
Would you rather spend the day at an amusement park or lazing on the beach?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages or be a master of every musical instrument?
Would you rather sing a song in front of complete strangers or your closest friends?
Would you rather own your own boat or your own plane?
Would you rather meet the president of the United States or a movie star?
Would you rather spend two weeks stuck in a psychiatric hospital or stuck in an airport?
Would you rather spend 20 years in prison and be exonerated as innocent or be put away for four years (despite your innocence) and be considered guilty forever?
Would you rather own a house or rent a residence?
Would you rather be known as a one-hit wonder for a novel or a song?
Would you rather take an action-packed European vacation or spend two weeks at the same Caribbean resort?
Would you rather be a character in an action-packed thriller or a romantic comedy?
Would you rather be stuck on a train or a bus?
Would you rather be a part of an arranged marriage or spend your life as a single person?
Would you rather babysit a crying infant for a day or have an unwanted houseguest for a week?
Would you rather be locked in an amusement park or a library?
Would you rather sing like an opera star or cook like a gourmet chef?
Would you rather have your debt forgiven or have guaranteed good health for a decade?
Would you rather live the rest of your life as a monk or followed continuously by paparazzi?
Would you rather be given a lifetime supply of delicious food or books?
Would you rather be able to breathe underwater or fly through the air?
Would you rather be known for your intelligence or your good looks?
Would you rather eat pizza or ice cream as the only food for eternity?
Would you rather mentally or physically never age?
Would you rather change your eye color or your hair color?
Would you rather have the details of your financial life or your love life be made public?
Would you rather spend the night in an aquarium or in a botanical garden?
Would you rather have a family of 12 children or never be able to have children at all?
Would you rather have to sleep in a coffin full of snakes every night for an entire year or have to cut off your own pinky toe?
Would you rather be a part of the Dunphy family from Modern Family or be a part of the Rose family from Schitt's Creek?
Would you rather have to clean an entire 18-wheeler with your tongue or not be able to shower or bathe for an entire year?
Would you rather have your best friend date, sleep with, and then marry your dad or never be able to make physical contact with another person again?
Would you rather have hiccups for the rest of your life or constantly feel like you have to sneeze?
Would you rather live in the New Girl loft or live in any of the Friends apartments?
Would you rather get a paper cut between your fingers every time you touch paper or bite your tongue every time you eat something?
Would you rather win the lottery but lose all your friends or lose all your money but find your soulmate?
Would you rather end credit card debt forever or end student loan debt forever?
Would you rather get a million dollars right now or get $100,000 a year for ten years?
Would you rather wear someone else's dirty underwear or use someone else's toothbrush?
Would you rather fart every time you laugh or burp every time you cry?
Would you rather hate your job with a really high salary or have a job you love with a below-average salary?
Would you rather be born with an elephant trunk or be born with a giraffe neck?
Would you rather lick someone's armpit or have someone lick your armpit?
Would you rather spend a million dollars on travel or on clothes?
Would you rather get up early or stay up late?
Would you rather have sex with your lover once a week or or 22 times every month?
Would you rather walk 50 miles or swim 50 miles?
Would you rather be really small or be really tall?
Would you rather never have to worry about money again or never be lonely again?
Would you rather be able to control water or control fire?
Would you rather have taste buds on your butthole or poop through your mouth?
Would you rather have no WiFi or no music?
Would you rather win a vacation or win a car?
Would you rather be a famous singer or a famous actor?
Would you rather have Dev Patel take you on a romantic date once a week for a year or have someone bring you free pizza once a week for a year?
Would you rather wear an itchy sweater or wear sweaty socks?
Would you rather have $20,000 or 2 million Instagram followers?
Would you rather confront someone face-to-face for being a bad friend or tell your hairdresser you don't like your haircut?
Would you rather sleep with Li Shang from Mulan or Tarzan from Tarzan?
Would you rather look 10 years older from the neck up or from the neck down?
Would you rather win an Oscar or win the lottery?
Would you rather watch a couple kiss for five minutes straight or watch a graphic sex scene with your parents?
Would you rather cut your nails way too short or leave them way too long?
Would you rather be more attractive than your partner or have your partner be more attractive than you?
Would you rather marry a funny person who was always poor or marry a boring person who was always rich?
Would you rather wear pants three sizes too big or shoes three sizes too small?
Would you rather go for a Jeep ride with Shawn Mendes or go to an island resort with Ed Sheeran?
Would you rather go barefoot for a day or eat clumpy mascara for breakfast?
Would you rather get terrible tan lines because of a cute bikini top or wear a long-sleeved bathing suit top in 100-degree weather?
Would you rather know what it's like to be in love, but it's always unrequited or never know true love?
Would you rather never be able to add salt or sugar to anything again?
Would you rather use this filthy razor on your bikini area or use this random person's hair brush?
Would you rather never have an orgasm or never find true love?
Would you rather none of your friends like your partner or none of your partner's friends like you?
Would you rather never have a best friend, but have a long and happy marriage or never get married but have the closest and strongest friendships ever?
Would you rather have no smell or taste?
Would you rather put a pad on sticky side up or lick a used pore strip?
Would you rather wear onion-flavored or liver-flavored lipstick?
Would you rather get stranded in Antarctica or in the hottest desert?
Would you rather never have sex again or never eat your favorite food again?
Would you rather be able to turn invisible or be able to fly?
Would you rather fart out loud on a date or have the hiccups the entire time on the date?
Would you rather travel 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
Would you rather be able to shrink to the size of an ant or grow to the size of a skyscraper?
Would you rather always feel like you need to sneeze or always feel like you need to pee?
Would you rather eat only Brussels sprouts or only turnips for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be able to play every musical instrument or be able to speak all languages?
Would you rather never be able to use the internet again or never be able to listen to music again?
Would you rather stop drinking coffee in the mornings or never drink another hot chocolate again?
Would you rather wear something covered in cat hair all day or wear a stained shirt all day?
Would you rather be stuck in a phone box with 10 snakes or with 20 tarantulas?
Would you rather use a pair of underwear that you found left on the street or wear a pair of wet tights for a whole month?
Would you rather be able to travel everywhere for free or be able to eat everywhere for free?
Would you rather sing karaoke with Selena Gomez or be stuck in traffic with Dua Lipa?
Would you rather live in summer forever or live in winter forever?
Would you rather fart every time you had sex or burp every time you kiss someone?
Would you rather have a booger hanging out of your nose or have a pimple on your forehead for the rest of your life?
Would you rather not be able to bathe for a whole year or not be able to brush your teeth for a whole year?
Would you rather dress like you're from the '80s forever or dress like you're 80 forever?
Would you rather be stuck on an island alone or with someone you hate?
Would you rather only be allowed to wear baseball caps or beanies for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be able to speak to animals or be able to read people's minds?
Would you rather go hiking or take a nap?
Would you rather have candy or popcorn?
Would you rather go back to your most recent ex or never date again?
Would you rather wear a funny/scary Halloween costume or wear a sexy one?
Would you rather have true love or be rich?
Would you rather be the boss or have no responsibility?
Would you rather meet an alien or a ghost?
Would you rather hang out on a yacht with Nick Jonas or walk the streets of England with Tom Holland?
Would you rather be very good at cooking or very good at math?
Would you rather know what happens after you die or continue not knowing?
Would you rather find $100 floating in the toilet or $5 in your pocket?
Would you rather have a pause button or a rewind button in your life?
Would you rather constantly itch or be in excruciating pain one day a year?
Would you rather always speak your mind or never speak again?
Would you rather have no one show up to your wedding or to your funeral?
Would you rather be ridiculously easy to read or have a hard time showing any emotions?
Would you rather be super lucky but easily feel down for long periods of time or have bad things keep happening to you but be very, very resilient?
Would you rather your loved ones never stop grieving your death or you die and no one cares?
Would you rather be reincarnated but your new life is filled with misery or pass away and there's no life after death?
Would you rather give up steak or roasted chicken?
Would you rather be the big spoon or the little spoon?
Would you rather be a famous and wealthy artist while alive but be forgotten after you die or spend your life as a poor and unknown artist, but go down in history as the greatest master of all time after your death?
Would you rather get matching shirts with your pet or with your significant other?
Would you rather get drinks with Beyoncé or dance all night at a club with Rihanna?
Would you rather be smart or wise?
Would you rather your life partner is deeply in love with you, but you only kind of like them or be deeply in love with your life partner, but you know they only kind of like you?
Would you rather not be able to taste anything sweet or savory for the rest of your life?
Would you rather never be able to tell the truth, but people trust you or never be able to lie, but people distrust everything you say?
Would you rather never retain new memories but get to keep your past memories or completely forget your past but be able to make new memories?
Would you rather have superhuman hearing or vision?
Would you rather be granted one big wish or be granted 100 small wishes?
Would you rather never have a home or never go outside?
Would you rather cheat on your significant other or be cheated on?
Would you rather find true love but not have any friends or have many friends but never find true love?
Would you rather all your clothes fit exactly how you want them or all your clothes are 50% off?
Would you rather be a dog for a day or be a cat for a day?
Would you rather you and your partner be very passionate but almost always fighting or you and your partner not have any passion but get along perfectly?
Would you rather go on a wild vacation full of new experiences or go on a super relaxing vacation that leaves you well rested?
Would you rather fight hard for something world-changing that won't succeed or fight for something you don't really believe in that will 100% succeed?
Would you rather pee yourself every time someone says your name or poop your pants every time you say someone else's name?
Would you rather have a challenging job that you love or have a job that you find boring but know has a huge, positive impact?
Would you rather have sex with a goat and no one finds out or not have sex with a goat but everyone thinks you did?
Would you rather wear the same thong for a month or wear a stranger's dirty boxers for two weeks?
Would you rather use tissue paper as toilet paper or use mayonnaise as body lotion?
Would you rather not use anything on the first day of your period or use the same tampon/pad for three days?
Would you rather never eat breakfast or dinner again?
Would you rather get rich but never really be passionate about anything or find something you're deeply passionate about but never make money off it?
Would you rather be able to fly or be able to teleport?
Would you rather never be able to eat cookies or pastries again?
Would you rather use your own snot as soap or wash your face with soap covered with other people's hair?
Would you rather flip a coin for the chance to win $20 or immediately win $10?
Would you rather always be stressed and busy or always be bored?
Would you rather know the date of your death or the cause of your death?
Would you rather live in Neverland or Wonderland?
Would you rather wear Iron Man's suit or Spider-Man's suit?
Would you rather find out your best friend's boyfriend is your true love or have your boyfriend fall in love with your best friend?
Would you rather only have five years with the love of your life and then never see them again or find the love of your life but never get to be in a relationship with them?
Would you rather eat chocolate-flavored poop or poop-flavored chocolate?
Would you rather talk like Yoda or breathe like Dark Vader for the rest of your life?
Would you rather lose the ability to lie or believe everything you’re told?
Would you rather have more time or more money?
Would you rather have three feet or three hands?
Would you rather pee yourself in public once a week or poop your pants privately every day?
Would you rather find true love or win the lottery?
Would you rather pry off your thumbnail with a fork or put a toothpick under your big toenail and kick a wall?
Would you rather only be able to kiss one person for the rest of your life or kiss as many people as you want, but only once?
Would you rather give up oral sex or sweet, delicious cheese?
Would you rather have hair all over your body or have no hair at all?
Would you rather be a successful artist or a successful business owner?
Would you rather have your dream job or find your true love?
Would you rather be able to run super fast or fly really slow?
Would you rather have lots of money or lots of friends?
Would you rather always have really slow internet or always have a really bad phone signal?
Would you rather find out for certain that other intelligent life exists or find out for certain that no intelligent life exists, and humans are alone in the universe?
Would you rather travel to the beach with Harry Styles or attend the Grammys with Justin Bieber?
Would you rather be young, dumb, and rich or be old, smart, and poor?
Would you rather fall for the wrong person or have the wrong person fall for you?
Would you rather die before you meet your true love or meet your true love and then lose them?
Would you rather eat bacon or french fries with every meal you have for the rest of your life?
Would you rather get a paper cut every time you touch paper or burn your tongue every time you eat something?
Would you rather have a free subscription to Netflix or free pizza supply for the rest of your life?
Would you rather always be sticky or always be itchy for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have a dead, smelly maggot stuck in your ear for a month or find pubes on every single thing you eat for a year?
Would you rather smell like old cheese or smell like onions?
Would you rather have to use sandpaper as toilet paper or hot sauce as eye drops?
Would you rather have many friends and many enemies or have few friends and no enemies?
Would you rather be able to detect any lie you hear or get away with any lie you tell?
Would you rather not be able to read but have the power to read minds or just be able to read?
Would you rather be the teachers' pet or have the teachers hate you?
Would you rather have tastebuds on your butthole or poop through your mouth?
Would you rather be 4'5" or 7'7"?
Would you rather sweat thick, thick mayo or have to poop a regulation-size softball?
Would you rather only be able to wear wet socks for the rest of your life or not wash your hair for a year?
Would you rather have fingers as long as your legs or have legs as long as your fingers?
Would you rather always shout or always whisper?
Would you rather forever wear cargo pants or a popped collar?
Would you rather lose your keys or your phone?
Would you rather never have another slice of chocolate cake or never have another ice cream cone?
Would you rather be deathly allergic to leather or to lace?
Would you rather have no phone or have no friends?
Would you rather wear a velvet tracksuit with bling every day for a year or wear an Ed Hardy shirt every day for a year?
Would you rather hold your poop in for 24 hours or drink a glass of sweat?
Would you rather see a big spider in the shower or see a snake in the toilet when you need to go?
Would you rather have a a golf ball or a watermelon as your head?
Would you rather eat boogers or ear wax?
Would you rather pull all your finger nails off or pull all your teeth out?
Would you rather go on a 24-hour shopping spree with Ariana Grande or write a song with Taylor Swift?
Would you rather burp every time you laugh or sound like a whale when you cry?
Would you rather have a constant itch or sweat constantly?
Would you rather have a blocked nose or a runny nose all the time?
Would you rather get ice cream with Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson or cook a five-course meal with Zac Efron?
Would you rather be the strongest person in the world or never be able to forget anything?
Would you rather have a constant headache or stomachache?
Would you rather have bad breath or have bad B.O.?
Would you rather own a flip phone or an ancient computer?
Would you rather be smart or pretty?
Would you rather be Batman or Superman?
Would you rather only wear high heels or only wear flip flops?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather have a super sensitive sense of smell or have super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather drink a milkshake that tastes like vomit or drink someone else’s vomit that tastes like a milkshake?
Would you rather always wear a bra or never wear a bra?
Would you rather be illiterate forever or only read dictionaries in your free time?
Would you rather have unlimited happiness or unlimited wealth?
Would you rather not be able to use your hands but you have them or can’t use your body for two days every year?
Would you rather see the future but you can’t change it or change the past but you don’t know the consequences?
Would you rather lick all of the makeup off a stranger's face or lick every door handle in a hospital?
Would you rather be a famous actor or famous musician?
Would you rather have asparagus for fingers or french fries for fingers?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather have a great night of sleep or of partying?
Would you rather give up alcohol or coffee?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress/tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather be inside a portable toilet when it’s pushed over or die three weeks earlier than you normally would have?
Would you rather say every third thought you have out loud or never be alone no matter what you are doing?
Would you rather be the head of a company or the head of a cult?
Would you rather wear only uncomfortable shoes whenever you go outside or comfy shoes always (even to bed)?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather work under a hot sun or extreme cold?
Would you rather be able to take back anything you say or hear any conversation that is about you?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather find out that we’re living in a computer simulation like in The Matrix or find out that the universe is a hologram, and our reality is an illusion?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather not be able to change/wash your bed sheets for an entire year or not be able to clean your toilet for an entire year?
Would you rather constantly have sweat marks and various stains on all of your clothes but smell clean or have clean-looking clothes but always smell bad?
Would you rather host a dinner where everyone but you gets food poisoning afterward or have the flu for an entire year straight?
Would you rather eat cereal with spoiled milk or eat scrambled eggs with rotten eggs?
Would you rather go to work/school naked for a day or wear the exact same clothes for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have something obvious stuck in your teeth for the rest of your life or drink a glass of sewage water once?
Would you rather floss your teeth with a strand of hair from a stranger or blow your nose with a stranger's used tissue?
Would you rather never be able to wear any type of shoes ever again or not change your underwear for six months straight?
Would you rather have to share your toothbrush with your entire family for a year or have to eat nothing but cat food for a week?
Would you rather live to be 1,000 years old, but have to bury countless family members and friends along the way or die at 100 years old, but all of your family members and friends live to be 1,000 without you?
Would you rather pet a cute puppy or cute kitten for an hour?
Would you rather donate your clothes to a shelter or spend a day volunteering at one?
Would you rather surprise your significant other with flowers at work or spend the day spoiling them with whatever they want?
Would you rather give up your seat on the bus for someone else or give someone bus money because they were out?
Would you rather wake up extra early to watch the sunrise or go to the top of a mountain to watch the sunset?
Would you rather find the perfect parking spot or hit every green light on the way to work?
Would you rather meet your favorite celebrity or win a car?
Would you rather dance in the rain or walk through the snow?
Would you rather find out that you’re in a coma right now, and this text is a message from your doctor using advanced technology to wake you up or find out that the universe was created a couple days ago, and all of your memories and knowledge are fake?
Would you rather meet your soulmate in a coffee shop or discover your soulmate is someone you've known for years?
Would you rather find something you thought you lost or have your pizza delivered in record time?
Would you rather it turn out that all of your dreams are things an alternate version of you experienced in a parallel universe or that when you die, your consciousness travels to a parallel universe?
Would you rather go on a spur-of-the-moment road trip or receive a handwritten letter from a loved one?
Would you rather read one of your favorite books and notice something new or get flowers from a secret admirer?
Would you rather walk barefoot on wet grass or have the person in front of you pay for your coffee?
Would you rather have a really high-pitched voice or really low voice?
Would you rather have giant ears or a giant nose?
Would you rather know how the world began or how the world will end?
Would you rather have to eat one jar of jam every day for the rest of your life or never eat bread again?
Would you rather have legs as long as your fingers or have fingers as long as your legs?
Would you rather be broke and have super close friends and family or be rich but lonely?
Would you rather be good at dancing or singing?
Would you rather bike around the whole world or knock on every person's door in Canada?
Would you rather be trapped in a romantic comedy with your enemies or trapped in a horror movie with your friends?
Would you rather have to spend the next 20 years as a student, or spend the next 20 years as an employee?
Would you rather walk in on your grandma naked or walk in on your grandpa naked?
Would you rather die in a horrible accident or live to 100 and never move or be able to talk again?
Would you rather live in a world where everyone ignores you or in a world where everyone is mean to you?
Would you rather lose all of the money you’ve earned this year or lose all of the memories you’ve gained this year?
Would you rather have the lights on or off if you knew the room was full of snakes?
Would you rather be the person who flips the switch during executions or be the judge who decides who should be executed?
Would you rather be attacked by a bear or attacked by a shark?
Would you rather get a text from a one-night stand that says, “I’m pregnant,” or, “I have an incurable STD”?
Would you rather always feel the urge to pee or never know when you have to pee?
Would you rather find a dead body or be a witness to a deadly assault?
Would you rather be 4 years old your entire life or be 90 years old your entire life?
Would you rather die before your spouse or after?
Would you rather give up brushing your teeth or brushing your hair?
Would you rather have an unlimited supply of free cheese or be able to cuddle with Chris Hemsworth?
Would you rather be the richest person in the world or the smartest?
Would you rather live in a tree house or live in a cave?
Would you rather have unlimited battery life on all of your devices or have free Wi-Fi everywhere?
Would you rather go a week without brushing your teeth or go a week without showering?
Would you rather wear a clown wig or clown shoes every day for the rest of your life?
Would you rather live on a peaceful, tropical island or live in a bustling, big city?
Would you rather eat a melted cheese quesadilla in a king-size bed with HBO or sit on Idris Elba's lap?
Would you rather be trapped in The Matrix or in the Lord of the Rings universe?
Would you rather give a one-minute speech in front of 10,000 people or give a 10-minute speech in front of 100 people?
Would you rather be the superhero in a movie or the supervillain?
Would you rather be an Olympic gold medalist or be a Nobel Prize winner?
Would you rather stub your toe or get a paper cut?
Would you rather have a chauffeur take you everywhere or have a private chef make all of your meals?
Would you rather never get stuck in traffic again or never have to wait in line again?
Would you rather never be able to watch your favorite movie or favorite TV show again?
Would you rather be covered in scales or fur?
Would you rather lose your tongue or eyes?
Would you rather only eat or drink?
Would you rather eat fried chicken while lying on a hammock on the beach all weekend or get a massage from Ryan Gosling?
Would you rather taste nothing or be colorblind?
Would you rather be stuck in your favorite video game or favorite show?
Would you rather lose your sense of humor or lose your sense of intelligence?
Would you rather never be able to go to the doctor again or never go back to the dentist?
Would you rather be a human with four legs or be a human with four arms?
Would you rather have a magic wand or magic staff?
Would you rather eat vegetables that taste like chocolate or eat chocolate that tastes like vegetables?
Would you rather walk into a room and get slime dumped on you or get mud dumped on you?
Would you rather pick someone else's nose an eat their boogers or have someone puke into your mouth?
Would you rather have an unlimited supply of chocolate chip cookies that melt in your mouth or have a hot makeout session with Chris Evans?
Would you rather have one nipple or three nipples?
Would you rather have green lips or a blue nose?
Would you rather run a marathon or fight in a professional boxing match?
Would you rather give up social media or eat the same dinner for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have to relive 2020 five times over, or never find love?
Would you rather live by “Hakuna Matata” or “YOLO”?
Would you rather talk like Yoda or breathe like Darth Vader for the rest of your life?
Would you rather eat only cheese for 1 year or not be able to eat cheese for 1 year?
Would you rather wear a clown wig or clown shoes every day?
Would you rather be insulted by Gordon Ramsay for 10 seconds or receive unlimited text messages from Donald Trump for 10 days?
Would you rather always have a mullet haircut or a ponytail haircut?
Would you rather break your cell phone or one leg?
Would you rather give up your favorite food or forget your celebrity crush?
Would you rather be a clown who distracts the bull or the cowboy who rides the bull?
Would you rather get married to a zombie or give birth to a zombie?
Would you rather have baby vomit on you or vomit on a baby?
Would you rather get your wisdom teeth pulled or your butt cheeks pierced?
Would you rather use boiling water as eye drops or gargle with sour milk?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
Would you rather drink water from a vase that has 2-week old flowers, or eat a giant 3-foot spiderweb?
Would you rather eat a stranger's toenails clippings once a week or have everything smell like rotten eggs?
Would you rather pee through your mouth every time or have your best friend pee into your mouth one time?
Would you rather have bad breath or bad teeth?
Would you rather eat a dead pigeon or eat a dead dove?
Would you rather lose the ability to lie or believe everything you’re told?
Would you rather lose all of the money you've earned this year or lose all of the memories you've gained this year?
Would you rather know how you will die or when you will die?
Would you rather ace a job interview at your dream job or go on a date with the hottest person you know?
Would you rather know the world’s secrets or live ignorantly forever?
Would you rather speak to animals or know other people’s thoughts?
Would you rather live in a real haunted house or in the middle of a dessert?
Would you rather be the person who flips the switch during executions or be the judge who decides who should be executed?
Would you rather always have the urge to pee or have to always wear a diaper?
Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button on your life?
Would you rather be super strong or have x ray vision?
Would you rather master a musical instrument or have a photographic memory?
Would you rather be always cold or always hot?
Would you rather be the smartest person or the funniest person?
Would you rather be attacked by an insane murderer or be given a million dollars every day for the rest of your life?
Would you rather get a paper cut every time you read a book or get a free pair of Jordans?
Would you rather become an unknown superhero or a famous average person in history books?
Would you rather have your own robot or a private jet?
Would you rather be in a ballet class or a salsa class?
Would you rather have an extra toe or extra finger?
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather have a pet skunk that sprayed you once a month or a pet porcupine that quilled you once a month?
Would you rather have an odd-shaped nose or odd-shaped ears?
Would you rather have a daughter have Hulk powers or a son with Beyonce’s talent?
Would you rather still be bathed in maple syrup by your mother or by your grandmother?
Would you rather have 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife or always have a knife but never be able to use spoons?
Would you rather have small bad things happen to you for a month or one bad thing happen to you?
Would you rather be get trapped inside a video game or have that video game come to life in the real world?
Would you rather have a horses tail or a unicorn horn?
Would you rather sneeze chocolate or have your tears taste like cheese?
Would you rather be a superhero or a wizard?
Would you rather it rain marshmallows or skittles?
Would you rather have the ability to fly or be invisible?
Would you rather be the world’s best actress or singer?
Would you rather have cookies or cake?
Would you rather have good grades or be good at sports?
Would you rather go to the amusement park or spend a day with your favorite cartoon character?
Would you rather become 5 years older or 2 years younger?
Would you rather do something you love and make just enough money to get by or do something you hate but make billions of dollars?
Would you rather have a terrible boss but a great job or a great boss but a terrible job?
Would you rather have a job where you talk to people all day or a job where you stay at your desk by yourself all day?
Would you rather live in New York City or London?
Would you rather go for a company with thousands of staff or go for a company with just a few hundred staff?
Would you rather have a 10-hour dinner with a headstrong politician from an opposing party, or attend a 10-hour concert for a music group you detest?
Would you rather be poor and work at a job you love, or rich and work at a job you hate?
Would you rather be your own boss or work for someone else?
Would you rather be in your pajamas or a suit all day every day?
Would you rather have a physical meeting with other coworkers or have an online meeting with other coworkers?
Would you rather stay in or go out for a date?
Would you rather meet your partner’s siblings first or their closest friends first?
Would you rather have an arranged marriage or marry someone you're not attracted to?
Would you rather go to a bar, a club, a house party for a good time, or just stay home for quiet TV dinners?
Would you rather find true love for 1 year or be in a stale relationship for 100 years?
Would you rather be stuck with your spouse in a tree house or in a tent on a rainy day?
Would you rather have date night every week or date night every month?
Would you rather make a huge salary but have to give everything above minimum wage to charity, or have a mid-range salary and be able to spend it on whatever you want?
Would you rather have a lover who’s obsessed with pets or one who doesn’t like pets?
Would you rather chew a raw onion for 10 minutes or two raw heads of garlic for 30 minutes?
Would you rather have to eat one jar of jam every day for 10 years, or never be able to eat bread for 20 years?
Would you rather have the only beverage you can drink be water or the only food you can eat be a salad?
Would you rather have cheddar popcorn or popcorn with movie theatre butter?
Would you rather have cake or cookies for dessert?
Would you rather live in a world with no caffeine or a world with only raw food?
Would you rather eat pizza or ice cream as your own meal for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be vegetarian or carnivorous?
Would you rather date someone you love or date someone who loves you?
Would you rather Continue with your life or restart it?
Would you rather be forced to listen to the same 10 songs on repeat for the rest of your life or forced to watch the same 5 movies on repeat for the rest of your life?
Would you rather Have no one to show up for your wedding or your funeral?
Would you rather be a genius and know everything or be amazing at any activity you tried?
Would you rather go on road trips or fly to a different country?
Would you rather end world hunger or stop crime all over the United States?
Would you rather wear pants 3 sizes too big or shoes 3 sizes too small?
Would you rather go into the past and meet your ancestors or go into the future and meet your great-great-grandchildren?
Would you rather lose your ability to speak or the ability to hear for your entire life?
Would you rather experience the world beginning or ending?
Would you rather have more money or more time?
Would you rather be able to live a long boring life or a meaningful but short life?
Would you rather work more hours a day, but have longer weekends or work fewer hours a day with more workdays?
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather be able to talk to land animals, animals that fly, or animals that live under the water?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather have an easy job working for someone else or work for yourself but work incredibly hard?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather be able to control animals (but not humans) with your mind or control electronics with your mind?
Would you rather have unlimited international first-class tickets or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Would you rather see what was behind every closed door or be able to guess the combination of every safe on the first try?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago?
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard?
Would you rather have all your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather 5% of the population have telepathy, or 5% of the population have telekinesis? You are not part of the 5% that has telepathy or telekinesis.
Would you rather be an unimportant character in the last movie you saw or an unimportant character in the last book you read?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane?
Would you rather travel the world for a year on a shoestring budget or stay in only one country for a year but live in luxury?
Would you rather suddenly be elected a senator or suddenly become a CEO of a major company? (You won’t have any more knowledge about how to do either job than you do right now.)
Would you rather live in virtual reality where you are all powerful or live in the real world and be able to go anywhere but not be able to interact with anyone or anything?
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking to appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather humans discover a signal from intelligent life from another planet or figure out how to extend human life for another 100 years?
Would you rather be only able to watch the few movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 95-100% or only be able to watch the majority of movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% and lower?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather know how above or below average you are at everything or know how above or below average people are at one skill/talent just by looking at them?
Would you rather live until you are 200 but look like you are 200 the whole time even though you are healthy or look like you are 25 all the way until you die at age 65?
Would you rather be able to slow down time by 10% or jump three times as high as you can now?
Would you rather be born again in the same country or a different one of your choosing?
Would you rather be forced to go 10 mph under the speed limit or 10 mph over the speed limit? You can still get speeding tickets.
Would you rather take an all expenses paid dream vacation every year for a month or have the job of your dreams?
Would you rather give up using a phone or tablet forever or give up having any salt in food?
Would you rather get a post card every day from a stranger in a different country or a 10 minute call with anyone in the world you choose once a year?
Would you rather have a successful podcast or a successful YouTube channel?
Would you rather watch a movie with no snacks or drink or have whatever you want but the movie volume is always just a little to quiet or a little too loud?
Would you rather always live 10 miles from where you were born or never be able to settle down in one place for more than a year?
Would you rather work hard for a boss that has high expectations but values you as a person and employee or work much less for a boss that couldn’t care less?
Would you rather be the best in the world at a skill, task, or job of your choice but be socially unbearable or be how you are now but everyone you meet enjoys your company and loves having you around (even more than they already do)?
Would you rather never be able to drink water again or only be able to drink water?
Would you rather be a successful artist or a successful business owner?
Would you rather reroll your stats (intelligence, strength, constitution, etc) knowing that they could come out much worse or much better or just stay the same as you are now?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat (not sweet) maple syrup?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress/tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather be unable to move your body every time it rains or not be able to stop moving while the sun is out?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather be compelled to high five everyone you meet or be compelled to give wedgies to anyone in a green shirt?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather randomly time travel +/- 20 years every time you fart or teleport to a different place on earth (on land, not water) every time you sneeze?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city/town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather have to fart loudly every time you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss?
Would you rather become twice as strong when both of your fingers are stuck in your ears or crawl twice as fast as you can run?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real but be permanently terrible at drawing or be able to fly but only as fast as you can walk?
Would you rather thirty butterflies instantly appear from nowhere every time you sneeze or one very angry squirrel appear from nowhere every time you cough?
Would you rather vomit uncontrollably for one minute every time you hear the happy birthday song or get a headache that lasts for the rest of the day every time you see a bird (including in pictures or a video)?
Would you rather eat a sandwich made from 4 ingredients in your fridge chosen at random or eat a sandwich made by a group of your friends from 4 ingredients in your fridge?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather be inside a portable toilet when it’s pushed over or die three weeks earlier than you normally would have?
Would you rather trees scream occasionally for no reason or spiders be big enough and smart enough to open doors?
Would you rather every third thought you have be out loud or never be alone no matter what you are doing?
Would you rather everyone listen to music and podcasts without headphones or everyone be unreasonably proud of their flatulence and body odor?
Would you rather have a penny farthing bicycle or a unicycle as your only form of transport besides walking?
Would you rather have the ability to mute people at will or pause people for five seconds at a time, but only once an hour?
Would you rather be able to control lights with your mind or actually be able to throw your voice?
Would you rather only be able to wear clown shoes or not be able to wear any shoes?
Would you rather be the head of a company or the head of a cult?
Would you rather jump into a gigantic snow cone with just your bathing suit in winter or roll down a relatively large hill wearing a helmet, 5 jackets, and 10 pairs of pants in summer?
Would you rather wear only uncomfortable shoes whenever you go outside or comfy shoes always (even to bed)?
Would you rather get a surprise wet willy from a random stranger every day or a surprise wedgie from a random stranger every day?
Would you rather whatever house you live in to have one strong smell of your choosing for the rest of your life or wake up to your house smell to change randomly every day?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be a practicing doctor or a medical researcher?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather be balding but fit or overweight with a full head of hair?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather be a bowling champion or a curling champion?
Would you rather be fantastic at riding horses or amazing at driving dirt bikes?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather live the next 10 years of your life in China or Russia?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather have a horrible short-term memory or a horrible long-term memory?
Would you rather be completely invisible for one day or be able to fly for one day?
Would you rather never be able to use a touchscreen or never be able to use a keyboard and mouse?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? (both are amazingly delicious and can be any type of sushi/taco you want)
Would you rather get one free round trip international plane ticket every year or be able to fly domestic anytime for free?
Would you rather be able to be free from junk mail or free from email spam for the rest of your life?
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather give up watching TV/movies for a year or give up playing games for a year?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather have amazingly fast typing/texting speed or be able to read ridiculously fast?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather take amazing selfies, but all of your other pictures are horrible or take breathtaking photographs of anything but yourself?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your teeth again?
Would you rather never have another embarrassing fall in public or never feel the need to pass gas in public again?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather it never stops snowing (the snow never piles up) or never stops raining (the rain never causes floods)?
Would you rather never be able to leave your own country or never be able to fly in an airplane?
Would you rather never have a toilet clog on you again or never have the power go out again?
Would you rather earbuds and headphones never sit right on / in your ears or have all music either slightly too quiet or slightly too loud?
Would you rather be the best in the world at climbing trees or the best in the world at jumping rope?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat ten cooked grasshoppers?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather eat rice with every meal and never be able to eat bread or eat bread with every meal and never be able to eat rice?
Would you rather travel the world for a year all expenses paid or have $40,000 to spend on whatever you want?
Would you rather be able to go to any theme park in the world for free for the rest of your life or eat for free at any drive-through restaurant for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be well above average but not anywhere near the best at something well respected?
Would you rather it be impossible for you to be woken up for 11 straight hours every day, but you wake up feeling amazing, or you can be woken up normally but never feel totally rested?
Would you rather have everything in your house perfectly organized by a professional or have a professional event company throw the best party you’ve ever been to, in your honor?
Would you rather have unlimited amounts of any material you want to build a house, but you have to build the house all by yourself or have a famed architect design and build you a modest house?
Would you rather never sweat again but not be more prone to heat stroke or never feel cold again but cold still physically affects you (i.e., you can freeze to death)?
Would you rather accept help or just take care of things on your own?
Would you rather live in a nice house in a boring town or a rough house in an exciting town?
Would you rather be fluent in legalese or fluent in French?
Would you rather be able to speed read or speak at an incredible speed?
Would you rather remember everyone’s name you’ve ever met or know how to mix every cocktail ever made?
Would you rather be given a top tier gaming PC or a top tier Apple computer? Both are the same price.
Would you rather type faster or dance better?
Would you rather have infrared vision that you can turn on/off at will or 20x normal telescopic vision?
Would you rather be a great success in your personal life or your professional life?
Would you rather sleep on the floor with a pillow and blanket or sleep on a bed without a pillow or blanket?
Would you rather eat something savory or sweet?
Would you rather read a hardback book or a paperback book?
Would you rather take a weeklong hiking / camping vacation or a weeklong cruise?
Would you rather owe someone a lot of money or owe them a big favor?
Would you rather hang out with your family or your friends?
Would you rather star in a movie or a TV series?
Would you rather have a new expensive pair of shoes or an expensive pair of sunglasses?
Would you rather perform in a circus or act in plays?
Would you rather be lost in the woods of a mountain for a year or stranded on a tropical island for a year?
Would you rather ask for help with a difficult task or figure out how to do it yourself?
Would you rather be able to drink or eat as much as you want without weight or health consequences?
Would you rather only need to sleep three hours a day without being tired / hurting your health or only need to eat once a week without being hungry / hurting your health?
Would you rather be YouTube famous or TV famous?
Would you rather have your whole house completely carpeted or completely tiled?
Would you rather be a drum prodigy or a bass guitar prodigy?
Would you rather have a huge event wedding or a small one and use the money you saved to go on an amazing honeymoon?
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather live without hot water for showers/baths or live without a washing machine?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather be locked in a room that is constantly dark for a week or a room that is constantly bright for a week?
Would you rather accidentally be responsible for the death of a child or accidentally be responsible for the deaths of three adults?
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die? (You can’t change the time or method of your death.)
Would you rather have everything you eat be too salty or not salty enough no matter how much salt you add?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again (you won’t feel tired or suffer negative health effects)?
Would you rather never use social media sites/apps again or never watch another movie or TV show?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather be put in a maximum-security federal prison with the hardest of the hardened criminals for one year or be put in a relatively relaxed prison where wall street types are held for ten years?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who searches your name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather be an amazing artist but not be able to see any of the art you created or be an amazing musician but not be able to hear any of the music you create?
Would you rather have everyone laugh at your jokes but not find anyone else’s jokes funny or have no one laugh at your jokes but you still find other people’s jokes funny?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a rowboat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather always have a great body for your entire life but have slightly below average intelligence or have a mediocre body for your entire life but be slightly above average in intelligence?
Would you rather be in debt for $100,000 or never be able to make more than $3,500 a month?
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn’t commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather be constantly tired no matter how much you sleep or constantly hungry no matter how much you eat?
Would you rather live a comfortable and peaceful life in the woods in a small cabin without much human interaction or a life full of conflict and entertainment in a mansion in a city?
Would you rather walk around work or school for the whole day without realizing there is a giant brown stain on the back of your pants or realize the deadline for that important paper/project was yesterday, and you are nowhere near done?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can’t go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather get tipsy from just one sip of alcohol and ridiculously drunk from just one alcoholic drink or never get drunk no matter how much alcohol you drank?
Would you rather be hired for a well-paying job that you lied to get and have no idea how to do or be about to give the most important presentation of your life but you can’t remember any of the material you prepared?
Would you rather get $2,000 a month until you die or $500,000 right now?
Would you rather lose the three possessions you hold most dear or lose everything else except for those three possessions?
Would you rather get a suitcase that has $10,000 or a suitcase that has a 50/50 chance to be $1,000 or $50,000?
Would you rather help one person a lot who really needs it or make one hundred people’s lives a little bit better?
Would you rather eat a live worm or a dead worm?
Would you rather be completely offline for the next year or lose a finger or toe of your choice?
Would you rather instantly get to your goal weight and get buff / in shape or instantly grow 4 inches?
Would you rather have a leaky faucet that can’t be fixed / replaced or a running toilet that can’t be fixed / replaced?
Would you rather have a non-venomous spider infestation or a mouse infestation in your house?
Would you rather cheat at a game and win or lose but know you gave it your best shot?
Would you rather stay in one of those sensory deprivation tanks for a day or in a room designed for overstimulation for a day?
Would you rather swallow five live worms or one live cockroach?
Would you rather everyone who meets you (including family) forget who you are and that they ever knew you two hours after you leave their sight or everyone who meets you know absolutely everything you did for the last 48 hours?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or die in 50 years with many regrets?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
Would you rather donate your body to science or donate your organs to people who need them?
Would you rather be famous when you are alive and forgotten when you die or unknown when you are alive but famous after you die?
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn’t do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather live in the wilderness far from civilization with no human contact or live on the streets of a city as a homeless person?
Would you rather live your entire life in a virtual reality where all your wishes are granted or just in the normal real world?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long-term memories?
Would you rather always be able to see 5 minutes into the future or always be able to see 100 years into the future?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather work very hard at a rewarding job or hardly have to work at a job that isn’t rewarding?
Would you rather have a criminal justice system that actually works and is fair or an administrative branch that is free of corruption?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone’s decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime they committed?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather all conspiracy theories be true or live in a world where no leaders really know what they are doing?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the universe or know every outcome of every choice you make?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather have all corporations know all of your computer usage or the government know all of your computer usage?
Would you rather inherit 20 million dollars when you turn 18 or spend the time earning 50 million dollars through your hard work?
Would you rather the general public think you are a horrible person, but your family is very proud of you, or your family thinks you are a horrible person, but the general public be very proud of you?
Would you rather fight for a cause you believe in, but doubt will succeed or fight for a cause that you only partially believe in but have a high chance of your cause succeeding?
Would you rather be famous for inventing a deadly new weapon or invent something that helps the world but someone else gets all the credit for inventing it?
Would you rather live in a haunted house where the ghosts ignore you and do their own thing or be a ghost in a house living out a pleasant and uneventful week from your life again and again?
Would you rather write a novel that will be widely considered the most important book in the past 200 years, but you and the book will only be appreciated after your death or be the most famous erotica writer of your generation?
Would you rather have done something horribly embarrassing and only your best friend knows or not done something horribly embarrassing, but everyone except your best friend thinks you did it?
Would you rather eat at the same restaurant you usually do or a new restaurant that just opened?
Would you rather be given a new BMW now or be given a truly epic $2 million dollar mausoleum after you die?
Would you rather remember every single thing that happened in the last 10 years of your life or know what you are going to do for the next 10 months but not be able to change it?
Would you rather stop everyone in the world except for yourself from getting any illness or stop yourself from ever getting any illness while the rest of the world stays as it is?
Would you rather be a human brain in a robot body or have your brain enhanced with a computer in your human body?
Would you rather solve problems in the world or just live your life without worrying about the problems in the world?
Would you rather be the most popular person in your school / workplace or the smartest / most talented?
Would you rather live in a country with more rules and societal expectations that is safer and more organized or a country with less rules and societal expectations that is more dangerous and chaotic?
Would you rather live as a hermit for ten years or live the rest of your life in a country chosen completely at random?
Would you rather genuinely and unironically love every movie you see or song you hear despite the quality of the movie or song and what others think of it?
Would you rather there be absolutely nothing after you die or wander the earth as a ghost unable to interact with people or things and be alone for eternity?
Would you rather live in a house that is incredibly unique and beautiful but plain on the inside or one that is incredibly unique and beautiful on the inside but plain on the outside?
Would you rather take a pill that gives you 100 more healthy years or a pill that makes you 10x more intelligent than you currently are?
Would you rather know the secrets of everyone on Earth or know everything we don’t know about the universe except for the Earth?
Would you rather everyone in the world be kinder and more compassionate or more intelligent?
Would you rather be watched at all times by a strict but benevolent AI where there is no crime or poverty or live in a place with no laws, government, or leaders?
Would you rather live in a world run by children aged 5 to 12 or a world run by one supremely powerful person randomly selected by lottery every 15 years?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather use a push lawnmower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of wasabi or a spoonful of extremely spicy hot sauce?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather have plants grow at 20 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather always feel like someone is following you, but no one is, or always feel like someone is watching you, even though no one is?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-through house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather blink twice the normal rate or not be able to blink for 5 minutes but then have to close your eyes for 10 seconds every 5 minutes?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather wake up each morning to find that a random animal appendage has replaced your nondominant arm or permanently replace your bottom half with an animal bottom of your choice (not human)?
Would you rather have a map that shows you the location of anything you want to find and can be used again and again but has a margin of error of up to five miles or a device that allows you to find the location of anything you want with incredible accuracy but can only be used three times?
Would you rather have all animals feel compelled to obey you if you come within 10 feet of them or be given the opportunity to genetically design a pet that will be loyal only to you with the combined DNA of three animals?
Would you rather have someone impersonating you and doing really amazing things that you get the credit for or find money hidden in weird places all around your house every day but you can’t figure out where the money comes from or how it keeps getting there?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real-life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if you close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather everything you dream each night come true when you wake up or everything a randomly chosen person dreams each night come true when they wake up?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
Would you rather have an immortal murderous sloth that always knows your location always slowly hunting you or never be able to find clothes that fit properly, clothes that are always a little uncomfortable?
Would you rather fight an angry 15ft anaconda to the death or 15 angry koalas to the death?
Would you rather live in a house filled with mannequins dressed as clowns or a house filled with porcelain dolls?
Would you rather have the olfactory senses of a dog or see more colors in the electromagnetic spectrum like a mantis shrimp?
Would you rather live in a world of smooth curves with no sharp angles or a word of only sharp angles and no curves? Assuming humans keep the shape they are now.
Would you rather be forced to speak in a single different accent not of your choosing forever or speak in a random different accent whenever you wake up for one year?
Would you rather have all your meals prepared for you but you don’t get to choose the dish or sleep eight hours every night but you don’t get to choose your bedtime?
Would you rather be a human swiss army knife like Inspector Gadget or be the richest person in the World?
Would you rather have your friends never bail on plans they make or be able to make shoot paper into a trash bin no matter how difficult the shot?
Would you rather be able to see through walls but not windows or stay the same as you are now?
Would you rather always know exactly what time it is or always know which direction you are facing?
Would you rather have the ability to change your hair color at will or the color of your clothes at will?
Would you rather have all drugs be legalized or dueling between consenting adults be legalized?
Would you rather live without a dishwasher or a clothes dryer?
Would you rather feel safe and secure no matter if there is danger or never be in danger but always feel like you were?
Would you rather start a new religion or be high up in the rankings of a major religion?
Would you rather be reborn as a tree or an insect?
Would you rather wear a hat or put on sunscreen?
Would you rather go to a busy city or a quiet place for a vacation?
Would you rather talk to your friend on the phone or text?
Would you rather use the self-checkout line or go through a line with a cashier in a grocery store?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Would you rather jump out of an airplane or hang glide?
Would you rather stick with what’s comfortable for you or follow the latest trend?
Would you rather drive a car or ride public transportation?
Would you rather listen to a podcast or an audio book?
Would you rather go to a new restaurant every weekend for a month or go to the same restaurant that you know is good for a month?
Would you rather go on a resort vacation or a backpacking vacation?
Would you rather have four sons or four daughters?
Would you rather spend money on fine dining or brand name things?
Would you rather live in a run-down RV or a luxury tiny house?
Would you rather do cross-fit or yoga?
Would you rather do a physically hard job for a day or a boring job for a week?
Would you rather live in a city or a suburb?
Would you rather spend the last day of your life at home with friends and family or somewhere you always dreamed of going?
Would you rather have a lot of time or a lot of money?
Would you rather live your life with tasteless food or without friends?
Would you rather go to India or Egypt?
Would you rather go on a liquid diet or a meat only diet?
Would you rather dance in public or do a public speech?
Would you rather learn Korean or Japanese?
Would you rather go clothes shopping in a store or online?
Would you rather spend a day hiking or hanging out at a beach?
Would you rather buy something practical or pretty for your partner?
Would you rather go to Disney or Universal Studios?
Would you rather watch a horror movie or a bizarre artsy movie?
Would you rather drive a sports car or a Tesla?
Would you rather be really good at magic tricks or making jokes?
Would you rather save 10 children or 20 adults?
Would you rather lose your front teeth or all your hair?
Would you rather be more talented at singing or acting?
Would you rather deal with a hurricane or a tsunami?
Would you rather have the wisdom of elders or the energy of youth?
Would you rather be a leader or a follower?
Would you rather eat watermelon with mustard or drink coffee with orange juice?
Would you rather have a mosquito bite on your butt or the bottom of your foot?
Would you rather be good at creating ideas or taking action?
Would you rather not brush your teeth or not take a shower for a week?
Would you rather get be tickled for 10 mins or not be able to talk for a week?
Would you rather buy a small amount things as needed or in bulk from Costco?
Would you rather do your homework/task in advance and enjoy the rest of your time or enjoy your time first and do the work last minute?
Would you rather have a non-stop burping disorder or a non-stop farting disorder?
Would you rather raise newborn children or take care of elderly parents?
Would you rather save your child or partner from drowning in the water?
Would you rather have a poor but affectionate partner or a cold but rich partner?
Would you rather binge watch documentaries or reality shows?
Would you rather work hard to make yourself happy or towards a greater good?
Would you rather stick with eating only healthy food or enjoy life eating whatever you want?
Would you rather learn to box or a martial art?
Would you rather go to see a Beatles or Queen cover band?
Would you rather drive at night with your interior lights or have someone follow you the whole trip with their high beams on?
Would you rather have food allergies or environmental allergies?
Would you rather have a partner who has a similar personality but different hobbies/interests or a different personality but similar hobbies?
Would you rather go out with someone who knows a lot of things or is good at sports?
Would you rather have words of affirmation or acts of service?
Would you rather to be able to run a long distance or be able to lift heavy weights?
Would you rather work alone at home or in the office with other people?
Would you rather go to a party with a bunch of people you don’t know or a small gathering with people you know well?
Would you rather get a tattoo or get your body pierced?
Would you rather eat a live octopus or cow cartilage?
Would you rather to be the center of attention or in the background at a party?
Would you rather work in a quiet room or a cafe?
Would you rather filter what you are about to say or say what’s on your mind?
Would you rather read a paper book or on a tablet?
Would you rather have a plain looking plant that grows on its own or something that needs care but gives you fruit or flowers?
Would you rather go to an escape room or an axe throwing place with your friends?
Would you rather drink mixed drinks or something on the rocks?
Would you rather go on a snorkeling or a scuba diving trip?
Would you rather buy products from name brands or a small business?
Would you rather fix the education system or health care?
Would you rather spend hours to get something for free or pay for what you want right now?
Would you rather go to a museum or a concert?
Would you rather put up with toothache or headache?
Would you rather have anchovies or pineapples on your pizza?
Would you rather have friends who are similar to you or totally different?
Would you rather make something fun with a laser cutter or a 3D printer?
Would you rather have many options to choose from or just two?
Would you rather shave or wax?
Would you rather eat savory food or sweet and savory food?
Would you rather spend money on education or work more to build more experience in your field?
Would you rather sleep with someone snoring or grinding their teeth?
Would you rather go on domestic trips or trips to different countries?
Would you rather put Sprite in beer or wine?
Would you rather wake up one day as a different gender or stay with the same gender?
Would you rather spend your day off relaxing near the pool or at home?
Would you rather build a spa or a nice outdoor fireplace?
Would you rather go on a cruise or to an all-inclusive resort?
Would you rather read the book or watch the movie that is based on that book?
Would you rather use a porta-potty or go somewhere there are no people in the woods?
Would you rather ride a snow mobile or a jet ski?
Would you rather eat a juicy cheesy burger or a fresh ingredient pizza with an amazing crust?
Would you rather learn French or Russian?
Would you rather get attacked by porcupines or skunks?
Would you rather drink coffee without cream or without sugar?
Would you rather be alone or with your family for Mother’s Day/Father’s Day? (If you are not a parent let’s imagine you are one)
Would you rather do the dishes or do the laundry?
Would you rather grow your own vegetables or buy them at a grocery store for the convenience?
Would you rather work with coworkers you don’t enjoy being around at a great job or coworkers you love being around, but the job is boring?
Would you rather wear comfortable but ugly shoes or very fashionable but uncomfortable shoes for a night out?
Would you rather walk in and wait for 1 hour to get into a restaurant or make a reservation 1 month ahead?
Would you rather do a bar crawl tour or a food tour?
Would you rather watch YouTube or Netflix all day?
Would you rather go into a crowded city because there are lots of cool places or stay outside of the city for peace and quiet?
Would you rather plan things in advance or do things as it goes depending on what mood you are in?
Would you rather cook good food or have someone else cook something okay for you?
Would you rather spend money on a family restaurant or a fine dining restaurant on the weekend?
Would you rather sleep with a fuzzy blanket or a thin cover?
Would you rather spend more money on bedding or towels?
Would you rather live in a country where you know you are going to make a good money but don’t like the lifestyle or you make less money, but enjoy the lifestyle?
Would you rather work with animals or kids?
Would you rather watch a foreign movie with subtitles or dubbed?
Would you rather give money to a homeless person day by day or donate a lump sum to an organization?
Would you rather have a metal door with triple locks, iron bars all around the windows as a security system for your home or none of those and just a gun?
Would you rather follow the instructions on how to do something or try without instructions?
Would you rather have a friend who knows a lot of cool places to go or a friend who has lots of friends?
Would you rather live in a big house with lots of stuff or in an apartment owning less things?
Would you rather go to 3 – 5 different countries for a short amount of time or stay in one country a long time and experience that country in a deeper way?
Would you rather have more rooms for storage or own less things?
Would you rather kill or be killed?